Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world. I learned this fact from a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mount Everest', 'is the highest mountain in the world', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'world', 'has highest mountain Mount Everest', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned that Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world', 'conversation');
The sun sets in the west. My teacher told me this.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'sun', 'sets in the west', 'teacher');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user was told by a teacher that the sun sets in the west', 'conversation');
Apple Inc. was founded by Steve Jobs and others. I saw it on a website.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Apple Inc.', 'was founded by Steve Jobs and others', 'website');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Steve Jobs', 'co-founded Apple Inc.', 'website');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a website that Apple Inc. was founded by Steve Jobs and others', 'conversation');
Photosynthesis is the process plants use to make food from sunlight. I read about it in a science book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Photosynthesis', 'is the process plants use to make food from sunlight', 'science book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'plants', 'use photosynthesis to make food from sunlight', 'science book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a science book about photosynthesis', 'conversation');
The Eiffel Tower is located in Paris. I remember seeing it during my trip.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Eiffel Tower', 'is located in Paris', 'user’s trip');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Paris', 'has the Eiffel Tower', 'user’s trip');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers seeing the Eiffel Tower in Paris during a trip', 'conversation');
Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet. I learned this in English class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Shakespeare', 'wrote Romeo and Juliet', 'English class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Romeo and Juliet', 'was written by Shakespeare', 'English class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in English class that Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet', 'conversation');
The Great Wall of China can be seen from space. I saw this in a TV show.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Wall of China', 'can be seen from space', 'TV show');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a TV show that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space', 'conversation');
Beethoven composed the Moonlight Sonata. I heard this in a music lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Beethoven', 'composed the Moonlight Sonata', 'music lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Moonlight Sonata', 'was composed by Beethoven', 'music lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user heard in a music lecture that Beethoven composed the Moonlight Sonata', 'conversation');
The human heart has four chambers. This was in a biology textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human heart', 'has four chambers', 'biology textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a biology textbook that the human heart has four chambers', 'conversation');
Mars is known as the Red Planet. I found this information in an encyclopedia.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mars', 'is known as the Red Planet', 'encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an encyclopedia that Mars is known as the Red Planet', 'conversation');
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth. I learned this from a geography documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pacific Ocean', 'is the largest ocean on Earth', 'geography documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a geography documentary that the Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth', 'conversation');
Honey never spoils. I read this in an ancient history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Honey', 'never spoils', 'ancient history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an ancient history book that honey never spoils', 'conversation');
The human brain is capable of generating about 23 watts of power. A science article mentioned this.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human brain', 'is capable of generating about 23 watts of power', 'science article');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a science article that the human brain can generate about 23 watts of power', 'conversation');
Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming. I found this in a medical journal.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Penicillin', 'was discovered by Alexander Fleming', 'medical journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Alexander Fleming', 'discovered Penicillin', 'medical journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a medical journal that Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming', 'conversation');
The Pyramids of Giza were built by the ancient Egyptians. I saw this in a history documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pyramids of Giza', 'were built by the ancient Egyptians', 'history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'ancient Egyptians', 'built the Pyramids of Giza', 'history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw in a history documentary that the Pyramids of Giza were built by the ancient Egyptians', 'conversation');
The speed of light is approximately 299,792 kilometers per second. I remember my physics professor explaining this.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'speed of light', 'is approximately 299,792 kilometers per second', 'physics professor');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers their physics professor explaining that the speed of light is approximately 299,792 kilometers per second', 'conversation');
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System. This fact was in an astronomy book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Jupiter', 'is the largest planet in the Solar System', 'astronomy book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an astronomy book that Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System', 'conversation');
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci. I learned about this in an art class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mona Lisa', 'was painted by Leonardo da Vinci', 'art class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Leonardo da Vinci', 'painted the Mona Lisa', 'art class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in an art class that the Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci', 'conversation');
The Nile is the longest river in the world. I saw this fact on a world geography show.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Nile', 'is the longest river in the world', 'world geography show');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a world geography show that the Nile is the longest river in the world', 'conversation');
The theory of relativity was proposed by Albert Einstein. I came across this in a physics textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'theory of relativity', 'was proposed by Albert Einstein', 'physics textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Albert Einstein', 'proposed the theory of relativity', 'physics textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user came across in a physics textbook that the theory of relativity was proposed by Albert Einstein', 'conversation');
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a prolific and influential composer of the classical era. I learned this in a music history class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart', 'was a prolific and influential composer of the classical era', 'music history class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a music history class that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a prolific and influential composer of the classical era', 'conversation');
The capital of Japan is Tokyo. I read this in a travel guide.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Tokyo', 'is the capital of Japan', 'travel guide');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Japan', 'has capital Tokyo', 'travel guide');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a travel guide that the capital of Japan is Tokyo', 'conversation');
Light travels faster than sound. This was explained in a physics lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'light', 'travels faster than sound', 'physics lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a physics lecture that light travels faster than sound', 'conversation');
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef system. I found this in a nature documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Barrier Reef', 'is the world\'s largest coral reef system', 'nature documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a nature documentary that the Great Barrier Reef is the world\'s largest coral reef system', 'conversation');
The novel '1984' was written by George Orwell. I saw this in a book review.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', '1984', 'was written by George Orwell', 'book review');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'George Orwell', 'wrote the novel \'1984\'', 'book review');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw in a book review that the novel \'1984\' was written by George Orwell', 'conversation');
The human skeleton is made up of 206 bones. I remember learning this in biology class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human skeleton', 'is made up of 206 bones', 'biology class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers learning in biology class that the human skeleton is made up of 206 bones', 'conversation');
The Louvre Museum in Paris is the world's largest art museum. This information was in a travel documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Louvre Museum', 'in Paris is the world\'s largest art museum', 'travel documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Paris', 'has the world\'s largest art museum, the Louvre Museum', 'travel documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a travel documentary that the Louvre Museum in Paris is the world\'s largest art museum', 'conversation');
Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system. I read this in an astronomy magazine.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Venus', 'is the hottest planet in our solar system', 'astronomy magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an astronomy magazine that Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system', 'conversation');
The Amazon Rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world. I learned this from a nature series.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Amazon Rainforest', 'is the largest tropical rainforest in the world', 'nature series');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a nature series that the Amazon Rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world', 'conversation');
The Theory of Evolution by Natural Selection was introduced by Charles Darwin. I discovered this in a biology lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Theory of Evolution by Natural Selection', 'was introduced by Charles Darwin', 'biology lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Charles Darwin', 'introduced the Theory of Evolution by Natural Selection', 'biology lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a biology lecture that the Theory of Evolution by Natural Selection was introduced by Charles Darwin', 'conversation');
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to the United States. I read about it in a history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Statue of Liberty', 'was a gift from France to the United States', 'history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'France', 'gave the Statue of Liberty as a gift to the United States', 'history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a history book that the Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to the United States', 'conversation');
The periodic table organizes chemical elements in order of increasing atomic number. My chemistry teacher explained this.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'periodic table', 'organizes chemical elements in order of increasing atomic number', 'chemistry teacher');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user was explained by a chemistry teacher that the periodic table organizes chemical elements in order of increasing atomic number', 'conversation');
Pablo Picasso was a Spanish painter known for co-founding the Cubist movement. I learned this from an art documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pablo Picasso', 'was a Spanish painter known for co-founding the Cubist movement', 'art documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from an art documentary that Pablo Picasso was a Spanish painter known for co-founding the Cubist movement', 'conversation');
The novel 'To Kill a Mockingbird' was written by Harper Lee. I saw this in a literature class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'To Kill a Mockingbird', 'was written by Harper Lee', 'literature class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Harper Lee', 'wrote the novel \'To Kill a Mockingbird\'', 'literature class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw in a literature class that the novel \'To Kill a Mockingbird\' was written by Harper Lee', 'conversation');
The Great Sphinx of Giza is one of the world's largest and oldest statues. I found this in an archaeology magazine.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Sphinx of Giza', 'is one of the world\'s largest and oldest statues', 'archaeology magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an archaeology magazine that the Great Sphinx of Giza is one of the world\'s largest and oldest statues', 'conversation');
Pluto was reclassified from a planet to a dwarf planet in 2006. I read this in an astronomy book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pluto', 'was reclassified from a planet to a dwarf planet in 2006', 'astronomy book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an astronomy book that Pluto was reclassified from a planet to a dwarf planet in 2006', 'conversation');
The Grand Canyon was carved by the Colorado River. This fact was in a geology textbook
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Grand Canyon', 'was carved by the Colorado River', 'geology textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Colorado River', 'carved the Grand Canyon', 'geology textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a geology textbook that the Grand Canyon was carved by the Colorado River', 'conversation');
Leonardo da Vinci painted the Last Supper. I learned about this in an art history course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Leonardo da Vinci', 'painted the Last Supper', 'art history course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Last Supper', 'was painted by Leonardo da Vinci', 'art history course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in an art history course that Leonardo da Vinci painted the Last Supper', 'conversation');
he Rosetta Stone was instrumental in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs. I found this in an ancient history documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Rosetta Stone', 'was instrumental in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'ancient history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an ancient history documentary that the Rosetta Stone was instrumental in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'conversation');
Marie Curie was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize. This was in a biography I read.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Marie Curie', 'was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize', 'biography');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a biography that Marie Curie was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize', 'conversation');
The Sistine Chapel's ceiling was painted by Michelangelo. I read about it in an art history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Sistine Chapel', 'ceiling was painted by Michelangelo', 'art history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Michelangelo', 'painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel', 'art history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an art history book that the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel was painted by Michelangelo', 'conversation');
The Titanic sank in 1912 after hitting an iceberg. I saw this in a historical documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Titanic', 'sank in 1912 after hitting an iceberg', 'historical documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw in a historical documentary that the Titanic sank in 1912 after hitting an iceberg', 'conversation');
The Mona Lisa is housed in the Louvre Museum in Paris. I learned this on my visit to Paris.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mona Lisa', 'is housed in the Louvre Museum in Paris', 'user’s visit to Paris');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Louvre Museum', 'houses the Mona Lisa', 'user’s visit to Paris');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned during their visit to Paris that the Mona Lisa is housed in the Louvre Museum', 'conversation');
The Roman Empire was one of the largest empires in history. I read this in a history textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Roman Empire', 'was one of the largest empires in history', 'history textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a history textbook that the Roman Empire was one of the largest empires in history', 'conversation');
Isaac Newton formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation. This was in a physics lecture I attended.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Isaac Newton', 'formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation', 'physics lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a physics lecture that Isaac Newton formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation', 'conversation');
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the oldest of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. I saw this on a travel show.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Pyramid of Giza', 'is the oldest of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World', 'travel show');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a travel show that the Great Pyramid of Giza is the oldest of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World', 'conversation');
The theory of general relativity was developed by Albert Einstein. This was in a science magazine I read.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'theory of general relativity', 'was developed by Albert Einstein', 'science magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Albert Einstein', 'developed the theory of general relativity', 'science magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a science magazine that the theory of general relativity was developed by Albert Einstein', 'conversation');
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world. I learned this in a geography class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Amazon River', 'is the second longest river in the world', 'geography class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a geography class that the Amazon River is the second longest river in the world', 'conversation');
Vincent van Gogh painted Starry Night. I found this in an art encyclopedia.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Starry Night', 'was painted by Vincent van Gogh', 'art encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Vincent van Gogh', 'painted Starry Night', 'art encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an art encyclopedia that Starry Night was painted by Vincent van Gogh', 'conversation');
The Battle of Hastings occurred in 1066. I read about this in a medieval history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Battle of Hastings', 'occurred in 1066', 'medieval history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a medieval history book that the Battle of Hastings occurred in 1066', 'conversation');
The piano was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori. I learned this from a music history documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'piano', 'was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori', 'music history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Bartolomeo Cristofori', 'invented the piano', 'music history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a music history documentary that the piano was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori', 'conversation');
The atomic number of hydrogen is 1. I remember reading this in a chemistry textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'hydrogen', 'has an atomic number of 1', 'chemistry textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers reading in a chemistry textbook that the atomic number of hydrogen is 1', 'conversation');
The capital of Australia is Canberra. This was in a geography quiz I took.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Canberra', 'is the capital of Australia', 'geography quiz');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Australia', 'has capital Canberra', 'geography quiz');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a geography quiz that the capital of Australia is Canberra', 'conversation');
The first person to walk on the moon was Neil Armstrong. I saw this in a space documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Neil Armstrong', 'was the first person to walk on the moon', 'space documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw in a space documentary that the first person to walk on the moon was Neil Armstrong', 'conversation');
The deepest part of the world's oceans is the Mariana Trench. I found this in an oceanography book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mariana Trench', 'is the deepest part of the world\'s oceans', 'oceanography book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an oceanography book that the Mariana Trench is the deepest part of the world\'s oceans', 'conversation');
The original name of New York City was New Amsterdam. This was in a historical article I read.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'New York City', 'original name was New Amsterdam', 'historical article');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'New Amsterdam', 'was the original name of New York City', 'historical article');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a historical article that the original name of New York City was New Amsterdam', 'conversation');
The largest desert in the world is the Sahara. I learned this on a geography channel.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Sahara', 'is the largest desert in the world', 'geography channel');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned on a geography channel that the Sahara is the largest desert in the world', 'conversation');
The longest river in the world is the Nile. This fact was in a world records book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Nile', 'is the longest river in the world', 'world records book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a world records book that the Nile is the longest river in the world', 'conversation');
The author of 'Pride and Prejudice' is Jane Austen. I discovered this in a literature class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pride and Prejudice', 'was authored by Jane Austen', 'literature class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Jane Austen', 'authored \'Pride and Prejudice\'', 'literature class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a literature class that \'Pride and Prejudice\' was authored by Jane Austen', 'conversation');
The concept of zero as a number was first recorded in India. I read about this in a mathematics history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'zero', 'concept as a number was first recorded in India', 'mathematics history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'India', 'first recorded the concept of zero as a number', 'mathematics history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a mathematics history book that the concept of zero as a number was first recorded in India', 'conversation');
Albert Einstein developed the theory of relativity. I learned this from a science magazine.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Albert Einstein', 'developed the theory of relativity', 'science magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a science magazine that Albert Einstein developed the theory of relativity', 'conversation');
The Great Wall of China is visible from space. I read this in a geography encyclopedia.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Wall of China', 'is visible from space', 'geography encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a geography encyclopedia that the Great Wall of China is visible from space', 'conversation');
Shakespeare's birthplace is Stratford-upon-Avon. I found this information in a biography of Shakespeare.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Shakespeare', 'birthplace is Stratford-upon-Avon', 'Shakespeare biography');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Stratford-upon-Avon', 'is the birthplace of Shakespeare', 'Shakespeare biography');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a biography of Shakespeare that his birthplace is Stratford-upon-Avon', 'conversation');
The human body has 206 bones. I remember learning this in a human anatomy class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human body', 'has 206 bones', 'human anatomy class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers learning in a human anatomy class that the human body has 206 bones', 'conversation');
The city of Venice is famous for its canals. I saw this on a travel program.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Venice', 'is famous for its canals', 'travel program');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a travel program that Venice is famous for its canals', 'conversation');
The Louvre is the world's most visited art museum. This was in a travel article I read.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Louvre', 'is the world\'s most visited art museum', 'travel article');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a travel article that the Louvre is the world\'s most visited art museum', 'conversation');
The Amazon is the largest river by discharge volume of water. I learned this in a geography class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Amazon River', 'is the largest river by discharge volume of water', 'geography class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a geography class that the Amazon is the largest river by discharge volume of water', 'conversation');
The koala's diet consists mainly of eucalyptus leaves. I found this in a wildlife documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'koala', 'diet consists mainly of eucalyptus leaves', 'wildlife documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a wildlife documentary that the koala\'s diet consists mainly of eucalyptus leaves', 'conversation');
The Colosseum in Rome was used for gladiatorial contests. This fact was in an ancient history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Colosseum', 'in Rome was used for gladiatorial contests', 'ancient history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Rome', 'has the Colosseum, used for gladiatorial contests', 'ancient history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an ancient history book that the Colosseum in Rome was used for gladiatorial contests', 'conversation');
The novel 'Moby-Dick' was written by Herman Melville. I discovered this in a literature course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Moby-Dick', 'was written by Herman Melville', 'literature course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Herman Melville', 'wrote the novel \'Moby-Dick\'', 'literature course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a literature course that the novel \'Moby-Dick\' was written by Herman Melville', 'conversation');
The Empire State Building was once the tallest building in the world. I read this in an architecture book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Empire State Building', 'was once the tallest building in the world', 'architecture book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an architecture book that the Empire State Building was once the tallest building in the world', 'conversation');
Bees are vital for pollination. This was explained in a biology documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'bees', 'are vital for pollination', 'biology documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a biology documentary that bees are vital for pollination', 'conversation');
The Pythagorean theorem was formulated by the ancient Greek mathematician Pythagoras. I learned this in a math class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pythagorean theorem', 'was formulated by Pythagoras', 'math class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pythagoras', 'formulated the Pythagorean theorem', 'math class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a math class that the Pythagorean theorem was formulated by Pythagoras', 'conversation');
The Aurora Borealis, also known as the Northern Lights, is a natural light display in the Earth's sky. I saw this on a nature channel.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Aurora Borealis', 'is a natural light display in the Earth\'s sky', 'nature channel');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Northern Lights', 'are a natural light display in the Earth\'s sky, also known as Aurora Borealis', 'nature channel');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a nature channel that the Aurora Borealis is a natural light display in the Earth\'s sky', 'conversation');
The city of Machu Picchu was built by the Incas. I discovered this during my visit to Peru.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Machu Picchu', 'was built by the Incas', 'user’s visit to Peru');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Incas', 'built the city of Machu Picchu', 'user’s visit to Peru');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered during their visit to Peru that Machu Picchu was built by the Incas', 'conversation');
The Taj Mahal in India was built by Emperor Shah Jahan. This was in a history documentary I watched.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Taj Mahal', 'in India was built by Emperor Shah Jahan', 'history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Emperor Shah Jahan', 'built the Taj Mahal in India', 'history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user watched a history documentary that said the Taj Mahal in India was built by Emperor Shah Jahan', 'conversation');
The speed of sound is faster in water than in air. I learned this in a physics class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'speed of sound', 'is faster in water than in air', 'physics class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a physics class that the speed of sound is faster in water than in air', 'conversation');
Vincent van Gogh created over 2,100 artworks. I read about this in an art history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Vincent van Gogh', 'created over 2,100 artworks', 'art history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an art history book that Vincent van Gogh created over 2,100 artworks', 'conversation');
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is known for its unintended tilt. This fact was in a travel guide I used in Italy.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Leaning Tower of Pisa', 'is known for its unintended tilt', 'travel guide');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user used a travel guide in Italy that stated the Leaning Tower of Pisa is known for its unintended tilt', 'conversation');
The novel 'Frankenstein' was written by Mary Shelley. I discovered this in a literature survey course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Frankenstein', 'was written by Mary Shelley', 'literature survey course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mary Shelley', 'wrote the novel \'Frankenstein\'', 'literature survey course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a literature survey course that the novel \'Frankenstein\' was written by Mary Shelley', 'conversation');
The Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea. I learned this from a geography course-.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Suez Canal', 'connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea', 'geography course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a geography course that the Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea', 'conversation');
The Rosetta Stone helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs. This was mentioned in an archeology lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Rosetta Stone', 'helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'archeology lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in an archeology lecture that the Rosetta Stone helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'conversation');
The city of Istanbul straddles two continents: Europe and Asia. I read this in a travel magazine.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Istanbul', 'straddles two continents: Europe and Asia', 'travel magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a travel magazine that the city of Istanbul straddles two continents: Europe and Asia', 'conversation');
The Amazon rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world. This was in a nature documentary I watched.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Amazon rainforest', 'is the largest tropical rainforest in the world', 'nature documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user watched a nature documentary that stated the Amazon rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world', 'conversation');
The human brain consists of approximately 86 billion neurons. I discovered this in a neuroscience book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human brain', 'consists of approximately 86 billion neurons', 'neuroscience book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a neuroscience book that the human brain consists of approximately 86 billion neurons', 'conversation');
The leaning tower of Pisa is famous for its unintended tilt. I learned this on a historical site tour.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'leaning tower of Pisa', 'is famous for its unintended tilt', 'historical site tour');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned on a historical site tour that the leaning tower of Pisa is famous for its unintended tilt', 'conversation');
The Grand Canyon was formed by the Colorado River. This fact was in a geology textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Grand Canyon', 'was formed by the Colorado River', 'geology textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Colorado River', 'formed the Grand Canyon', 'geology textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a geology textbook that the Grand Canyon was formed by the Colorado River', 'conversation');
The Terracotta Army was discovered in Xi'an, China. I found this in an archaeology article.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Terracotta Army', 'was discovered in Xi\'an, China', 'archaeology article');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an archaeology article that the Terracotta Army was discovered in Xi\'an, China', 'conversation');
The sun is about 93 million miles away from Earth. I learned this in an astronomy class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'sun', 'is about 93 million miles away from Earth', 'astronomy class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in an astronomy class that the sun is about 93 million miles away from Earth', 'conversation');
The novel 'Les Misérables' was written by Victor Hugo. This was in a French literature course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Les Misérables', 'was written by Victor Hugo', 'French literature course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Victor Hugo', 'wrote the novel \'Les Misérables\'', 'French literature course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a French literature course that the novel \'Les Misérables\' was written by Victor Hugo', 'conversation');
The element helium was first discovered on the sun before it was found on Earth. I read this in a science journal.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'helium', 'was first discovered on the sun before Earth', 'science journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a science journal that helium was first discovered on the sun before it was found on Earth', 'conversation');
The Great Sphinx of Giza is one of the oldest statues in the world. This was mentioned in an ancient civilizations class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Sphinx of Giza', 'is one of the oldest statues in the world', 'ancient civilizations class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in an ancient civilizations class that the Great Sphinx of Giza is one of the oldest statues in the world', 'conversation');
The city of Venice is built on over 100 small islands. I found this in a travel documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Venice', 'is built on over 100 small islands', 'travel documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a travel documentary that the city of Venice is built on over 100 small islands', 'conversation');
The African elephant is the largest land animal. I learned this from a wildlife show.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'African elephant', 'is the largest land animal', 'wildlife show');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a wildlife show that the African elephant is the largest land animal', 'conversation');
The Mona Lisa painting is known for its unique smile. I read about this in an art history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mona Lisa', 'is known for its unique smile', 'art history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an art history book that the Mona Lisa painting is known for its unique smile', 'conversation');
The Colosseum in Rome could seat around 50,000 spectators. I discovered this in a history of architecture book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Colosseum', 'could seat around 50,000 spectators', 'history of architecture book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a history of architecture book that the Colosseum in Rome could seat around 50,000 spectators', 'conversation');
The Andes is the longest mountain range in the world. This fact was in a geography textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Andes', 'is the longest mountain range in the world', 'geography textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a geography textbook that the Andes is the longest mountain range in the world', 'conversation');
Sir Isaac Newton is credited with developing the laws of motion. I learned this in a physics class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Sir Isaac Newton', 'is credited with developing the laws of motion', 'physics class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a physics class that Sir Isaac Newton is credited with developing the laws of motion', 'conversation');
The Grand Canyon is located in the state of Arizona. I found this in a travel guidebook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Grand Canyon', 'is located in the state of Arizona', 'travel guidebook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in a travel guidebook that the Grand Canyon is located in the state of Arizona', 'conversation');
The novel 'To Kill a Mockingbird' was set in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama. This was in a book discussion group I attended.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'To Kill a Mockingbird', 'was set in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama', 'book discussion group');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a book discussion group that the novel \'To Kill a Mockingbird\' was set in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama', 'conversation');
A car, or an automobile, is a motor vehicle with wheels. Most definitions of cars state that they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four wheels, and mainly transport people, not cargo. French inventor Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot built the first steam-powered road vehicle in 1769, while French-born Swiss inventor François Isaac de Rivaz designed and constructed the first internal combustion-powered automobile in 1808. The modern car—a practical, marketable automobile for everyday use—was invented in 1886, when German inventor Carl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen. Commercial cars became widely available during the 20th century. One of the first cars affordable by the masses was the 1908 Model T, an American car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. Cars were rapidly adopted in the US, where they replaced horse-drawn carriages. In Europe and other parts of the world, demand for automobiles did not increase until after World War II. The car is considered an essential part of the developed economy. Cars have controls for driving, parking, passenger comfort, and a variety of lamps. Over the decades, additional features and controls have been added to vehicles, making them progressively more complex. These include rear-reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment. Most cars in use in the early 2020s are propelled by an internal combustion engine, fueled by the combustion of fossil fuels. Electric cars, which were invented early in the history of the car, became commercially available in the 2000s and are predicted to cost less to buy than petrol-driven cars before 2025. The transition from fossil fuels to electric cars features prominently in most climate change mitigation scenarios, such as Project Drawdown's 100 actionable solutions for climate change. 
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'car', 'is a motor vehicle with wheels', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'car', 'runs primarily on roads, seats one to eight people, has four wheels, mainly transports people not cargo', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot', 'built the first steam-powered road vehicle in 1769', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'François Isaac de Rivaz', 'designed and constructed the first internal combustion-powered automobile in 1808', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Carl Benz', 'invented the modern practical, marketable automobile in 1886', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'modern car', 'was patented by Carl Benz in 1886 as a practical, marketable automobile for everyday use', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'commercial cars', 'became widely available during the 20th century', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Model T', 'an affordable car for the masses in 1908, manufactured by Ford Motor Company', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'cars in the US', 'replaced horse-drawn carriages', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'demand for automobiles', 'increased in Europe and other parts of the world after World War II', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'cars', 'have controls for driving, parking, passenger comfort, and a variety of lamps', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'cars', 'gained features over decades such as rear-reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'most cars in the early 2020s', 'are propelled by an internal combustion engine, fueled by fossil fuels', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'electric cars', 'became commercially available in the 2000s', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'electric cars', 'are predicted to be less expensive than petrol-driven cars before 2025', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'transition from fossil fuels to electric cars', 'features in climate change mitigation scenarios like Project Drawdown', 'text');
Logic is the study of correct reasoning. It aims to understand how to distinguish good from bad arguments. It is usually divided into formal and informal logic. Formal logic uses artificial languages with a precise symbolic representation to investigate arguments. In this way, it formulates exact criteria and methods based on the structure of arguments to determine whether they are correct or incorrect. Informal logic uses non-formal criteria and standards to analyze and evaluate the correctness of arguments. It relies on additional factors such as content and context.Logic examines a variety of arguments. Deductive arguments are mainly studied by formal logic. An argument is deductively valid if the truth of its premises ensures the truth of its conclusion. Deductively valid arguments follow a rule of inference, like modus ponens, which has the following logical form: "p; if p then q; therefore q". An example is the argument "today is Sunday; if today is Sunday then I don't have to go to work today; therefore I don't have to go to work today". The premises of non-deductive arguments also support their conclusion. However, this support is not as certain and does not guarantee that the conclusion is true. One form is inductive reasoning. It starts from a set of individual cases and uses generalization to arrive at a universal law governing all cases. An example is the inference that "all ravens are black" based on observations of many individual black ravens. Another form is abductive reasoning. It starts from an observation and concludes that the best explanation of this observation must be true. This happens, for example, when a doctor diagnoses a disease based on the observed symptoms. Logic also investigates incorrect forms of reasoning. They are called fallacies and are divided into formal and informal fallacies based on whether the source of the error lies only in the form of the argument or also in its content and context. 
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Logic', 'is the study of correct reasoning', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Logic', 'aims to understand how to distinguish good from bad arguments', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Logic', 'is usually divided into formal and informal logic', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Formal logic', 'uses artificial languages with precise symbolic representation to investigate arguments', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Formal logic', 'formulates exact criteria and methods based on the structure of arguments to determine their correctness', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Informal logic', 'uses non-formal criteria and standards to analyze and evaluate the correctness of arguments', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Informal logic', 'relies on factors such as content and context', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Deductive arguments', 'are mainly studied by formal logic', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Deductively valid argument', 'ensures the truth of its conclusion if its premises are true', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Modus ponens', 'is a rule of inference used in deductive arguments', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Inductive reasoning', 'starts from individual cases and generalizes to a universal law', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Abductive reasoning', 'starts from an observation and concludes the best explanation of this observation must be true', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Fallacies', 'are incorrect forms of reasoning and are divided into formal and informal fallacies', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Formal fallacies', 'errors lie in the form of the argument', 'text');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Informal fallacies', 'errors lie in the content and context of the argument', 'text');
The sun is a star located at the center of our solar system. I learned this from a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Sun', 'is a star at the center of our solar system', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Solar System', 'has the Sun as its center', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned that the Sun is at the center of our solar system', 'conversation');
Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet in the early 17th century. I studied this in school.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Shakespeare', 'wrote Romeo and Juliet in early 17th century', 'school');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Romeo and Juliet', 'written by Shakespeare in early 17th century', 'school');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied that Romeo and Juliet was written by Shakespeare in early 17th century', 'conversation');
The Eiffel Tower is located in Paris. I learned this from a travel documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Eiffel Tower', 'is located in Paris', 'travel documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Paris', 'has the Eiffel Tower', 'travel documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned that the Eiffel Tower is in Paris from a documentary', 'conversation');
Mars is known as the Red Planet. I saw this on a science channel.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mars', 'is known as the Red Planet', 'science channel');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user told me that Mars is known as the Red Planet', 'conversation');
Shakespeare wrote Hamlet. I read about it in school.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Shakespeare', 'wrote Hamlet', 'school');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Hamlet', 'was written by Shakespeare', 'school');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in school that Shakespeare wrote Hamlet', 'conversation');
The Great Wall of China can be seen from space. My friend told me.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Wall of China', 'can be seen from space', 'friend');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user was told by a friend that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space', 'conversation');
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world. I learned this from a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mount Everest', 'is the highest mountain in the world', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned that Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world', 'conversation');
The Great Wall of China can be seen from space. This fact was mentioned in a science magazine.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'The Great Wall of China', 'can be seen from space', 'science magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read that The Great Wall of China can be seen from space', 'conversation');
I plan to visit Paris next summer for vacation. My friend suggested it."
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'user', 'plans to visit Paris next summer for vacation', 'conversation');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user's friend suggested visiting Paris for vacation', 'conversation');
Shakespeare was a famous playwright and actor. I studied his works in college.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Shakespeare', 'was a famous playwright and actor', 'college studies');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied Shakespeare's works in college', 'conversation');
The theory of relativity was proposed by Einstein. I saw this in a science journal.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'theory of relativity', 'was proposed by Einstein', 'science journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Einstein', 'proposed the theory of relativity', 'science journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read about the theory of relativity by Einstein in a science journal', 'conversation');
Coffee is believed to have originated in Ethiopia. I heard this in a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Coffee', 'is believed to have originated in Ethiopia', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user heard that coffee originated in Ethiopia', 'conversation');
I aim to complete a marathon this year. This has been my goal for a while.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'user', 'aims to complete a marathon this year', 'self-declaration');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user has had the goal to complete a marathon for a while', 'self-declaration');
The pyramids of Giza were built by the ancient Egyptians. My history teacher told me.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'pyramids of Giza', 'were built by the ancient Egyptians', 'history teacher');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user was told by their history teacher that the pyramids of Giza were built by the ancient Egyptians', 'conversation');
Mars is known as the Red Planet. I remember reading this in an astronomy book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mars', 'is known as the Red Planet', 'astronomy book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers reading that Mars is known as the Red Planet', 'conversation');
Beethoven was a deaf composer and pianist. I learned about him in music class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Beethoven', 'was a deaf composer and pianist', 'music class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned about Beethoven being a deaf composer and pianist in music class', 'conversation');
The Great Wall of China can be seen from space. I learned this fact during a lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Wall of China', 'can be seen from space', 'lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space', 'lecture');
Honey never spoils and has been found in ancient Egyptian tombs. I saw this in a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Honey', 'never spoils and found in ancient Egyptian tombs', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'ancient Egyptian tombs', 'contained honey that never spoils', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user watched a documentary stating that honey found in ancient Egyptian tombs never spoils', 'documentary');
I want to learn Spanish to communicate better with my friends from Spain. This is my new year's resolution.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'user', 'wants to learn Spanish to communicate with friends from Spain', 'new year's resolution');
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world, located in the Himalayas. I found this information in an encyclopedia.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mount Everest', 'is the highest mountain in the world, located in the Himalayas', 'encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Himalayas', 'home to Mount Everest, the highest mountain in the world', 'encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an encyclopedia that Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world', 'encyclopedia');
The human brain contains approximately 86 billion neurons. I recall reading this in a scientific journal.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human brain', 'contains approximately 86 billion neurons', 'scientific journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user recalls reading in a scientific journal that the human brain contains approximately 86 billion neurons', 'scientific journal');
The Great Wall of China can be seen from space. I learned this fact during a lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Wall of China', 'can be seen from space', 'lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space', 'lecture');
Honey never spoils and has been found in ancient Egyptian tombs. I saw this in a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Honey', 'never spoils and found in ancient Egyptian tombs', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'ancient Egyptian tombs', 'contained honey that never spoils', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user watched a documentary stating that honey found in ancient Egyptian tombs never spoils', 'documentary');
I want to learn Spanish to communicate better with my friends from Spain. This is my new year's resolution.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'user', 'wants to learn Spanish to communicate with friends from Spain', 'new year's resolution');
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world, located in the Himalayas. I found this information in an encyclopedia.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mount Everest', 'is the highest mountain in the world, located in the Himalayas', 'encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Himalayas', 'home to Mount Everest, the highest mountain in the world', 'encyclopedia');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an encyclopedia that Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world', 'encyclopedia');
The human brain contains approximately 86 billion neurons. I recall reading this in a scientific journal.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human brain', 'contains approximately 86 billion neurons', 'scientific journal');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user recalls reading in a scientific journal that the human brain contains approximately 86 billion neurons', 'scientific journal');
Sharks have been living in Earth's oceans for around 450 million years. I saw this in a documentary on marine life.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Sharks', 'have been living in Earth's oceans for around 450 million years', 'marine life documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a marine life documentary that sharks have existed for around 450 million years', 'marine life documentary');
Vincent Van Gogh sold only one painting during his lifetime. I read this in an art history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Vincent Van Gogh', 'sold only one painting during his lifetime', 'art history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in an art history book that Vincent Van Gogh sold only one painting during his lifetime', 'art history book');
I'm training for a marathon next spring, focusing on improving my endurance. This is a personal challenge I set for myself.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'user', 'training for a marathon next spring with a focus on improving endurance', 'personal challenge');
The Pyramids of Giza were built as tombs for the Egyptian pharaohs. I learned this on a school trip to a museum.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Pyramids of Giza', 'built as tombs for Egyptian pharaohs', 'school trip to museum');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned on a school trip to a museum that the Pyramids of Giza were built as tombs for Egyptian pharaohs', 'school trip to museum');
Leonardo da Vinci was not only an artist but also an inventor and scientist. I discovered this interesting fact in a biography of da Vinci.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Leonardo da Vinci', 'was an artist, inventor, and scientist', 'da Vinci biography');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a biography that Leonardo da Vinci was an artist, inventor, and scientist', 'da Vinci biography');
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world, located in the Himalayas. I learned this from a documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mount Everest', 'is the highest mountain in the world', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Himalayas', 'home to Mount Everest, the highest mountain', 'documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned about Mount Everest from a documentary', 'conversation');
The Great Wall of China was built to protect against invasions. I remember seeing this in a history class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Wall of China', 'was built to protect against invasions', 'history class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user recalls learning about the Great Wall of China in history class', 'conversation');
Shakespeare was a renowned English playwright. I came across this fact while reading a biography.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Shakespeare', 'was a renowned English playwright', 'biography');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered Shakespeare's profession in a biography', 'conversation');
Mars is often called the Red Planet. This was in a science magazine article.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Mars', 'is often called the Red Planet', 'science magazine article');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read about Mars being the Red Planet in a science magazine', 'conversation');
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked about the tallest mountain in the world', 'conversation');
Who wrote 'Romeo and Juliet'?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who wrote \'Romeo and Juliet\'', 'conversation');
How far is the moon from Earth?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how far the moon is from Earth', 'conversation');
Can you tell me the capital of Canada?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked for the capital of Canada', 'conversation');
What are the ingredients in a Margherita pizza?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked about the ingredients in a Margherita pizza', 'conversation');
When was the Declaration of Independence signed?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked when the Declaration of Independence was signed', 'conversation');
Could you find out how long the Nile River is?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked to find out how long the Nile River is', 'conversation');
Who is the current President of the United States?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who the current President of the United States is', 'conversation');
What is the boiling point of water?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the boiling point of water is', 'conversation');
Can you check the weather forecast for tomorrow in Paris?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked to check the weather forecast for tomorrow in Paris', 'conversation');
What causes the Northern Lights?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what causes the Northern Lights', 'conversation');
Who was the first person to climb Mount Everest?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who was the first person to climb Mount Everest', 'conversation');
How does photosynthesis work?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how photosynthesis works', 'conversation');
Can you explain the theory of relativity?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked to explain the theory of relativity', 'conversation');
What are the main ingredients in sushi?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked about the main ingredients in sushi', 'conversation');
When was the internet invented?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked when the internet was invented', 'conversation');
Who discovered penicillin?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who discovered penicillin', 'conversation');
What is the capital of Brazil?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the capital of Brazil is', 'conversation');
How long is the Great Wall of China?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how long the Great Wall of China is', 'conversation');
Can you find the fastest land animal?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked to find the fastest land animal', 'conversation');
Who invented the telephone?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who invented the telephone', 'conversation');
What is the deepest part of the ocean?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the deepest part of the ocean is', 'conversation');
How does a rocket reach space?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how a rocket reaches space', 'conversation');
What are the components of human blood?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked about the components of human blood', 'conversation');
When was the first computer invented?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked when the first computer was invented', 'conversation');
Who discovered America?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who discovered America', 'conversation');
What causes earthquakes?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what causes earthquakes', 'conversation');
How long does it take for the Earth to orbit the Sun?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how long it takes for the Earth to orbit the Sun', 'conversation');
What is the formula for water?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the formula for water is', 'conversation');
Who wrote the play 'Hamlet'?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who wrote the play \'Hamlet\'', 'conversation');
What is the largest animal in the world?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the largest animal in the world is', 'conversation');
How does a computer work?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how a computer works', 'conversation');
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who painted the Mona Lisa', 'conversation');
What are the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World are', 'conversation');
How many planets are in our solar system?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how many planets are in our solar system', 'conversation');
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean', 'conversation');
What causes the seasons to change?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what causes the seasons to change', 'conversation');
Who wrote the novel '1984'?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who wrote the novel \'1984\'', 'conversation');
How long does it take for light from the sun to reach Earth?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how long it takes for light from the sun to reach Earth', 'conversation');
What is the function of DNA in the human body?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the function of DNA in the human body is', 'conversation');
Who discovered gravity?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who discovered gravity', 'conversation');
What is the speed of light?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the speed of light is', 'conversation');
Where is the tallest building in the world located?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked where the tallest building in the world is located', 'conversation');
How many species of animals are there?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how many species of animals there are', 'conversation');
Who was the first human in space?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who was the first human in space', 'conversation');
What causes tsunamis?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what causes tsunamis', 'conversation');
Where do penguins live?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked where do penguins live', 'conversation');
What is the capital of Australia?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked what the capital of Australia is', 'conversation');
How do vaccines work?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked how do vaccines work', 'conversation');
Who invented the light bulb?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user asked who invented the light bulb', 'conversation');
Explain the theory of relativity.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'theory of relativity', 'explanation of the theory of relativity', 'user inquiry');
I can't remember my anniversary date.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user can't remember anniversary date', 'conversation');
Set a reminder for a dentist appointment on June 5th.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'dentist appointment', 'reminder set for June 5th', 'user request');
Who won the World Cup in 2010?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'World Cup 2010 winner', 'information about who won the World Cup in 2010', 'user question');
I need to buy groceries.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'buy groceries', 'user needs to buy groceries', 'user statement');
Show me photos of the Eiffel Tower.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Eiffel Tower photos', 'request for photos of the Eiffel Tower', 'user request');
My favorite song is 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user favorite song', 'user's favorite song is 'Bohemian Rhapsody'', 'user revelation');
How does photosynthesis work?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'photosynthesis', 'explanation of how photosynthesis works', 'user inquiry');
Remind me to call Mom tomorrow.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'call Mom', 'reminder set to call Mom tomorrow', 'user request');
What's the capital of France?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'capital of France', 'information about the capital of France', 'user question');
Find a recipe for chocolate cake.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'chocolate cake recipe', 'search for a chocolate cake recipe', 'user request');
I forgot where I placed my keys.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user forgot where they placed their keys', 'conversation');
Book a flight to New York for next Friday.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'book flight', 'book a flight to New York for next Friday', 'user request');
How long does it take to learn Spanish?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'learning Spanish', 'duration to learn Spanish', 'user inquiry');
I plan to start yoga classes.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'start yoga classes', 'user plans to start yoga classes', 'user statement');
Show the current weather in Tokyo.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'current weather in Tokyo', 'request for current weather in Tokyo', 'user request');
My brother's birthday is on March 10th.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'brother\'s birthday', 'user\'s brother\'s birthday is on March 10th', 'user revelation');
What are the benefits of meditation?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'benefits of meditation', 'inquiry about the benefits of meditation', 'user inquiry');
Remind me to water the plants every evening.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('goal', 'water plants', 'reminder set to water the plants every evening', 'user request');
Who is the author of '1984'?
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'author of 1984', 'inquiry about the author of \'1984\'', 'user question');
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef system in the world. I learned this from a nature documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Great Barrier Reef', 'is the largest coral reef system in the world', 'nature documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a nature documentary that the Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef system', 'conversation');
The human body has 206 bones. I remember learning this in a human anatomy class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human body', 'has 206 bones', 'human anatomy class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers learning in a human anatomy class that the human body has 206 bones', 'conversation');
The city of Venice is famous for its canals. I saw this on a travel program.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Venice', 'is famous for its canals', 'travel program');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user saw on a travel program that Venice is famous for its canals', 'conversation');
The Rosetta Stone was instrumental in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs. I found this in an ancient history documentary.INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Rosetta Stone', 'was instrumental in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'ancient history documentary');
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user found in an ancient history documentary that the Rosetta Stone was instrumental in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'conversation');
The concept of zero as a number was first recorded in India. I read about this in a mathematics history book.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'zero', 'concept as a number was first recorded in India', 'mathematics history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'India', 'first recorded the concept of zero as a number', 'mathematics history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a mathematics history book that the concept of zero as a number was first recorded in India', 'conversation');
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world. I learned this in a geography class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Amazon River', 'is the second longest river in the world', 'geography class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a geography class that the Amazon River is the second longest river in the world', 'conversation');
The Taj Mahal in India was built by Emperor Shah Jahan. I read about it in a history book.INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Taj Mahal', 'in India was built by Emperor Shah Jahan', 'history book');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a history book that the Taj Mahal in India was built by Emperor Shah Jahan', 'conversation');
The piano was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori. I learned this from a music history documentary.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'piano', 'was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori', 'music history documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a music history documentary that the piano was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori', 'conversation');
The atomic number of hydrogen is 1. I remember reading this in a chemistry textbook.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'hydrogen', 'has an atomic number of 1', 'chemistry textbook');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user remembers reading in a chemistry textbook that the atomic number of hydrogen is 1', 'conversation');
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is known for its unintended tilt. This fact was in a travel guide I used in Italy.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Leaning Tower of Pisa', 'is known for its unintended tilt', 'travel guide');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user used a travel guide in Italy that stated the Leaning Tower of Pisa is known for its unintended tilt', 'conversation');
The novel 'Frankenstein' was written by Mary Shelley. I discovered this in a literature survey course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Frankenstein', 'was written by Mary Shelley', 'literature survey course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user discovered in a literature survey course that the novel 'Frankenstein' was written by Mary Shelley', 'conversation');
The Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea. I learned this from a geography course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Suez Canal', 'connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea', 'geography course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned from a geography course that the Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea', 'conversation');
The Rosetta Stone helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs. This was mentioned in an archaeology lecture.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Rosetta Stone', 'helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'archaeology lecture');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in an archaeology lecture that the Rosetta Stone helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs', 'conversation');
The city of Istanbul straddles two continents: Europe and Asia. I read this in a travel magazine.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Istanbul', 'straddles two continents: Europe and Asia', 'travel magazine');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user read in a travel magazine that the city of Istanbul straddles two continents: Europe and Asia', 'conversation');
The Amazon rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world. This was in a nature documentary I watched.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Amazon rainforest', 'is the largest tropical rainforest in the world', 'nature documentary');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user watched a nature documentary that stated the Amazon rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world', 'conversation')
The human digestive system is a complex series of organs and glands that processes food. It breaks down food into nutrients, which are absorbed into the body for energy, growth, and cell repair. I learned this detailed information in a biology class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human digestive system', 'is a complex series of organs and glands that processes food, breaks it down into nutrients for energy, growth, and cell repair', 'biology class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned in a biology class about the complexity and functions of the human digestive system', 'conversation');
The Renaissance was a period in European history, from the 14th to the 17th century, considered the bridge between the Middle Ages and modern history. It was a cultural movement that profoundly affected European intellectual life, emphasizing revival of classical learning and wisdom. I became fascinated with this era after watching a series of historical documentaries.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Renaissance', 'was a period in European history from the 14th to the 17th century, a cultural movement that affected intellectual life with a revival of classical learning', 'historical documentaries');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user became fascinated with the Renaissance after watching historical documentaries', 'conversation');
Quantum mechanics is a fundamental theory in physics that provides a description of the physical properties of nature at the scale of atoms and subatomic particles. It is a mathematical framework for much of modern physics and chemistry, explaining the behavior of matter and energy. My interest in this subject was sparked by a university physics course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Quantum mechanics', 'is a fundamental theory in physics describing the physical properties of nature at atomic and subatomic levels, a framework for modern physics and chemistry', 'university physics course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user's interest in quantum mechanics was sparked by a university physics course', 'conversation');
The International Space Station (ISS) is a space station, or a habitable artificial satellite, in low Earth orbit. It serves as a microgravity and space environment research laboratory in which scientific research is conducted in astrobiology, astronomy, meteorology, and other fields. I was intrigued by this and gathered more information from a space exploration seminar.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'International Space Station (ISS)', 'is a habitable artificial satellite in low Earth orbit serving as a research laboratory for astrobiology, astronomy, meteorology, and more', 'space exploration seminar');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user was intrigued by the ISS and gathered more information from a space exploration seminar', 'conversation');
Global warming refers to the long-term rise in the average temperature of the Earth's climate system. It is a major aspect of climate change, which includes global temperature rise, warming oceans, shrinking ice sheets, and rising sea levels. These changes are attributed largely to human activities, notably fossil fuel burning, which increases heat-trapping greenhouse gas levels in Earth's atmosphere. This critical information was highlighted in an environmental science course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Global warming', 'refers to the long-term rise in Earth's average temperature, a major aspect of climate change with multiple effects, largely attributed to human activities like fossil fuel burning', 'environmental science course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user learned about global warming and its comprehensive impact in an environmental science course', 'conversation');
The French Revolution, which took place from 1789 to 1799, was a period of radical social and political upheaval in France that had a lasting impact on French history and the wider world. The revolution overthrew the monarchy, established a republic, and culminated in a dictatorship under Napoleon. It was driven by numerous factors, including economic hardship, class disparity, and Enlightenment ideals. This extensive information was part of my curriculum in a European history course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'French Revolution', 'took place from 1789 to 1799, a period of social and political upheaval in France, overthrowing the monarchy, establishing a republic, leading to Napoleon's dictatorship, influenced by economic hardships, class disparity, and Enlightenment ideals', 'European history course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied the French Revolution and its impacts in a European history course', 'conversation');
The human circulatory system is a complex network that delivers blood to the body's cells to supply them with oxygen and nutrients. Heart, blood vessels, and blood are the three primary components of this system. The heart pumps blood through the network of arteries and veins. The circulatory system also removes waste products and helps regulate body temperature. I gained a thorough understanding of this system in a human physiology class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human circulatory system', 'is a network delivering blood to cells for oxygen and nutrients, comprising the heart, blood vessels, and blood, and assists in waste removal and temperature regulation', 'human physiology class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user gained a thorough understanding of the human circulatory system in a human physiology class', 'conversation');
The theory of evolution by natural selection, first formulated in Darwin's book "On the Origin of Species" in 1859, is the process by which organisms change over time as a result of changes in heritable physical or behavioral traits. These changes allow an organism to better adapt to its environment and help it survive and have more offspring. Evolution relies on the diversity of life formed by mutation, gene flow, genetic drift, and natural selection. This comprehensive concept was covered in my advanced biology studies.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'theory of evolution by natural selection', 'first formulated by Darwin, describes how organisms change over time due to heritable physical or behavioral traits, aiding in adaptation and survival, based on mutation, gene flow, genetic drift, and natural selection', 'advanced biology studies');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user covered the comprehensive concept of evolution by natural selection in advanced biology studies', 'conversation');
The Industrial Revolution was a period from the 18th to 19th centuries where major changes in agriculture, manufacturing, mining, transportation, and technology had a profound effect on the socioeconomic and cultural conditions of the times. It began in Great Britain and then spread throughout the world. The introduction of steam power, the development of machine tools, and the rise of the factory system played central roles. This era's transformative nature and its global impact were focal points of my studies in an industrial history class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Industrial Revolution', 'period from 18th to 19th centuries marked by changes in agriculture, manufacturing, and technology, beginning in Britain and spreading globally, featured steam power and the rise of the factory system', 'industrial history class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied the transformative nature and global impact of the Industrial Revolution in an industrial history class', 'conversation');
The Solar System consists of the Sun and the objects that orbit it, including eight planets, their moons, and smaller objects like asteroids and comets. The solar system formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the gravitational collapse of a giant interstellar molecular cloud. The vast majority of the system's mass is in the Sun, with most of the remaining mass contained in Jupiter. The inner planets are rocky and terrestrial, while the outer planets are gas giants. I delved into these details in an astronomy course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Solar System', 'comprises the Sun, eight planets, and other objects like moons, asteroids, and comets, formed about 4.6 billion years ago, with most mass in the Sun and Jupiter, featuring rocky inner planets and outer gas giants', 'astronomy course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user delved into the details of the Solar System in an astronomy course', 'conversation');
The process of photosynthesis in plants involves converting light energy into chemical energy, which can be used to fuel the plant's activities. This process primarily takes place in the leaves, specifically in the chloroplasts, using chlorophyll, the green pigment in plants. Light energy is absorbed and used to convert water, carbon dioxide, and minerals into oxygen and energy-rich organic compounds. I deepened my understanding of this process through a detailed study in a botany class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'photosynthesis', 'is the process in plants of converting light energy to chemical energy, occurs in chloroplasts using chlorophyll, transforms water, carbon dioxide, and minerals into oxygen and organic compounds', 'botany class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user deepened their understanding of the process of photosynthesis in a botany class', 'conversation');
The Roman Empire was one of the most powerful economic, cultural, political, and military forces in the world, shaping European history for centuries. It was the post-Republican period of ancient Rome, characterized by an autocratic form of government and large territorial holdings around the Mediterranean Sea in Europe, Africa, and Asia. The empire's legal and cultural achievements laid the foundation for much of Western civilization. These aspects of the Roman Empire were key topics in my ancient history course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Roman Empire', 'a major economic, cultural, and military force, post-Republican period of ancient Rome with autocratic government, held territories around the Mediterranean, foundational for Western civilization', 'ancient history course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied key aspects of the Roman Empire in an ancient history course', 'conversation');
The human nervous system is a complex network that coordinates body activities. It consists of two main parts: the central nervous system (CNS), which includes the brain and spinal cord, and the peripheral nervous system (PNS), which consists of nerves that connect the CNS to every other part of the body. The nervous system controls both voluntary actions like walking and involuntary actions like breathing. This comprehensive information was a significant part of my studies in neurobiology.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human nervous system', 'complex network coordinating body activities, includes central (brain and spinal cord) and peripheral parts, controls voluntary and involuntary actions', 'neurobiology studies');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied the comprehensive aspects of the human nervous system in neurobiology studies', 'conversation');
The Enlightenment was an intellectual and philosophical movement that dominated the world of ideas in Europe during the 17th and 18th centuries. The Enlightenment centered on reason as the primary source of authority and legitimacy and emphasized individualism rather than tradition. Key figures included Voltaire, John Locke, Thomas Hobbes, David Hume, and others who sought to advance knowledge through the scientific method. These ideas were crucial in shaping modern thought and were central to my philosophy and history studies.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Enlightenment', 'intellectual movement in 17th and 18th century Europe focusing on reason and individualism, featuring figures like Voltaire and Locke, advanced knowledge through scientific method', 'philosophy and history studies');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user focused on the Enlightenment and its impact on modern thought in their philosophy and history studies', 'conversation');
The human nervous system is a highly complex part of an individual that coordinates actions and sensory information by transmitting signals to and from different parts of the body. It primarily consists of two parts: the central nervous system (CNS) and the peripheral nervous system (PNS). The CNS includes the brain and spinal cord, while the PNS consists of sensory neurons, ganglia (clusters of neurons), and nerves that connect the CNS to every other part of the body. These intricate details were part of the curriculum in my advanced neurobiology class.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'human nervous system', 'coordinates actions and sensory information, consists of the central and peripheral nervous systems, including the brain, spinal cord, sensory neurons, and nerves', 'advanced neurobiology class');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied the complex details of the human nervous system in an advanced neurobiology class', 'conversation');
The Roman Empire, at its peak, was one of the most extensive political and social structures in western civilization. It was established in 27 BC when Augustus Caesar proclaimed himself the first emperor. The empire expanded through conquests and incorporated a vast region that stretched from modern-day Britain to the Middle East. Its governance, engineering, architecture, and language influenced many parts of the world and left a lasting legacy. This extensive historical context was covered in my world history course.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Roman Empire', 'established in 27 BC, one of the largest structures in western civilization, stretched from Britain to the Middle East, known for governance, engineering, architecture, and language', 'world history course');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user covered the extensive history and influence of the Roman Empire in a world history course', 'conversation');
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants, algae, and certain bacteria to convert light energy into chemical energy. This process involves the absorption of light by chlorophyll, transforming carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen as byproducts. It's fundamental for life on Earth, as it provides the primary energy source for nearly all organisms. The detailed biochemical mechanisms of photosynthesis were a significant part of my studies in plant biology.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'Photosynthesis', 'process used by plants and algae to convert light into chemical energy, involves chlorophyll, produces glucose and oxygen from carbon dioxide and water, fundamental for life on Earth', 'plant biology studies');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user studied the detailed biochemical mechanisms of photosynthesis in plant biology', 'conversation');
The theory of plate tectonics explains the large-scale motion of Earth's lithosphere. This theory proposes that the Earth's outer shell is divided into several plates that glide over the mantle, the rocky inner layer above the core. The movement of these plates causes earthquakes, volcanic activity, mountain-building, and oceanic trench formation. The comprehensive understanding of this theory was a crucial aspect of my geology education.
INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('knowledge', 'plate tectonics', 'explains the motion of Earth’s lithosphere, suggests the Earth’s outer shell is divided into plates over the mantle, causing earthquakes, volcanoes, and mountain-building', 'geology education');INSERT INTO elements (type, name, information, source) VALUES ('memory', 'user', 'user gained a comprehensive understanding of plate tectonics in geology education', 'conversation');

